hey youtubers today I wanted to talk
about an experience I had from buying um
on line other than Amazon because Amazon
is my favorite place to buy from anyway
I went through this place it was called
my rare show.com and it took two months
before I got my product so I wasn't all
that happy about how did it except for
the product I was so ecstatic because
it's very rare it's Jem and the
Holograms the complete three seasons and
I don't know if you can see it from here
it's got everything in here it's got
five eleven CDs and I paid a pretty
penny for it
it's $78 and but I had also had bought
the Jem and the Holograms the first and
second season because I didn't think I
could find this and that was like 60
bucks so I'm going to give that one to
my children
anyway so yeah Jem and the Holograms is
about this girl Jerrica Benton who it's
a cartoon obviously who her father dies
and ends up giving her starlight music
it's a company and plus he gives her was
it called homeless shelter for girls and
and how they become a band and stuff and
he leaves a computer with some ruby
earrings and the earrings are connected
to the computer and this was a cartoon
from 1984 so I don't know if any of you
who have watched it before but it's
really cool it's a competition between
two bands Jem and the Holograms and the
misfits and the misfits are crazy there
they're everything negative and bullying
and you know causing havoc and so
they're always you know creating
horrible situations for geminal
Holograms
so anyway Jem and the Holograms they end
up becoming polygraphic and stuff
Jem is really Jerrica Benton through
this computer program that they had it
changes them into these different
characters so it's really interesting
it teaches children about honesty and
sincerity and about doing good things
and it's got little models little
stories behind each episode so there's I
think there's 65 or 70 episodes
altogether so I definitely recommend
this but if you want to go through a lot
I have some but still get the product go
through my rare show.com it comes I
thought it was out of Russia so maybe
that's why it took so much longer but
you have to really be on their ass
because I emailed them like four times
and finally they're like confirming my
address and stuff so anyway um yeah so
get the product it's great Devon the
Holograms it's one of my favorites so
they have all these different songs and
stuff on it and it's cute I loved it as
a kid so hopefully your kids will like
it too calculator